Though it is Pendora animation of this week
I would like to introduce Chikita
I usually noticed that I did not use the back eye
We will introduce a little bit of things that are easy to do if you pay attention to these points
I think
If it is area, animation is quite common so I can not touch there
I would like to introduce three attached to the point
It is a grip but first I'm the first one
This is how you grip yourself
Instead of putting
Remove such Fu in a little is better to or supported by the Sambo or supported by Japan
I think that it is easy to put in power, so put a force and do not lose the swing of the opponent
Mind we arrived at the place that he able to produce
Next is the second one
Oh yeah
After all
Point the tip of the racket to the platform before entering
First, this was not when the racket
When the city that does not touch Nde Saab low
And still it would enter the Fu say that I thought that it is impossible to hit the ball
Because
After pointing the center of the racket to the platform
I think that I want you to take care that have Rutte
Though it is the third one at the end
Is that I'll rely on it racket tip is a ball
Korewama Table Tennis Though Answers I'm doing well, even something
It is easy to put the racket around in the center because it rotates
There is a point that it is easy to put out a strong ball
By all means I think that it is the Tteyuu Chiquita made power if you stick out for this three
Please try a challenge
No
Ah ah ah ah